Installation guide for Rad Upload Lite
======================================

Quick Start.
------------

Move the contents of the web/ folder onto your web space. Next open
applet.html in your favourite text editor and change the 'url'
parameter to match your server-side upload handler. (Hint: You can use
one of the sample scripts included in this zip file as the upload
handler or you can use an FTP url.) Now open applet.html in your
browser and start uploading.


Detailed Installation Instructions.
-----------------------------------
First make sure that your server is correctly configured to accept file
uploads. With sites that use PHP you can make use of the included 
test.html and upload.php files to test your server configuration.

Move the contents of the web folder onto your web space. Next open
applet.html in your favourite text editor and change the 'url'
parameter to match your server-side upload handler. That's it!

The upload.php file is a sample PHP script provided to get you started
on drag and drop file upload. You may need to modify upload.php to
better suite the needs of your website or web application.

If you prefer to use perl as your server side handler please copy 
upload.cgi to your /cgi-bin/ directory and change permissions to 755.
Perl upload handling can be tested with test-perl.html If you prefer to
use a technology other than perl or PHP as your server side handler,
you will find sample code at http://www.radinks.com/upload/examples/

Each license of Rad Upload Lite, Rad Upload and Rad Upload Plus allows
you to install the applet on exactly one website.

Additional details about the product may be obtained from the website:
http://www.radinks.com/upload/ you can also contact Rad Inks by email
on support@radinks.com


Thank you
The Rad Inks Team
http://www.radinks.com/
